h1. Poietic Generator Reloaded

h2. 1. Requirements

First, make install ruby and a proper version of rubygems (>=1.7) on your system

pre. 
    sudo apt-get install rubygems1.8

Then, install  headers packages required to build some gems

pre. 
    sudo apt-get install libmysqlclient-dev libsqlite3-dev

Also install mandatory gem packages on your system

pre. 
    sudo gem install bundle 
    sudo gem install capistrano capistrano-ext
    sudo gem install thin

And make sure that /var/lib/gems/1.8/bin is in your path. Update your ~.profile 
or ~/.bashrc or simply run

pre. 
    export PATH=$PATH:/var/lib/gems/1.8/bin/

Finally, from the project directory, run the following command to install
locally into the "vendor/" directory the gems required by this project and all
their dependencies :
 
pre. 
    bundle install --path vendor


h2. 2. Configuration


h2. 3. Running (development mode)

Simply type the following command, from the project directory :

pre. 
    ./run.sh


h2. 4. Deploying 

h3. 4.1. Configuring the web server

Install a reverse proxy server, like nginx :

pre. 
    sudo apt-get install nginx

In the directory "/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/", create a configuration file for 
a virtual host called "poietic-generator.com", with the following content :

pre. 
    upstream poietic-generator_cluster {
	server  unix:/var/tmp/poietic-generator.sock;
    }
    
pre.. 
    server {
	listen          80;
	server_name     poietic-generator.com;
     
	access_log      /var/log/nginx/poietic-generator.access_log;
	error_log       /var/log/nginx/poietic-generator.error_log warn;
    
	    root            /var/www;
	    index           index.php index.html;
    
	    location / {
		break;
		proxy_set_header Host $host;
		proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
		proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto https;
		proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
		proxy_pass http://poietic-generator_cluster;
    
		# in order to support COPY and MOVE, etc
		set  $dest  $http_destination;
		if ($http_destination ~ "^https://(.+)") {
		    set  $dest   http://$1;
		}
		proxy_set_header  Destination   $dest;
	    }
    }

p. The web server will then redirect any external request to internal unix
socket @/var/tmp/poietic-generator.sock@ .

Enable the configuration :

pre. 
    ln -s /etc/nginx/sites-available/poietic-generator.com \
	/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/poietic-generator.com

Restart nginx :

pre. 
    /etc/init.d/nginx restart


h3. 4.1. Configuring 


